CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

You can contribute to SensAI in many ways:

1. Contribute code by adding features or fixing bugs: First, set up the code locally on your system following the instructions in `README.md`. Then, check out our [public roadmap](https://hyperverge.notion.site/fa1dd0cef7194fa9bf95c28820dca57f?v=ec52c6a716e94df180dcc8ced3d87610). You can pick up tasks from the `Not Started` or `Backlog` sections (which includes both feature requests and bugs reported) and make a Pull Request. You can join our [WhatsApp community](https://chat.whatsapp.com/LmiulDbWpcXIgqNK6fZyxe) of builders in AI + Education and ask any questions that you might have or engage in the discussions, helping other fellow contributors and sharing your ideas/thoughts.
2. Add/improve documentation: This is no less important than improving the library itself. If you find a typo in the documentation, or if you feel that the readability of the code/documentation can be improved, do not hesitate to submit a pull request.
3. Report issues you are facing [either by [creating an issue](https://gitlab.com/hvacademy/sensai-ai/-/issues) or sharing it in our WhatsApp community], and give a "thumbs up" on issues reported by others that are relevant to you. 
4. If you are a teacher or a non-profit, you can test SensAI with your learners and provide valuable feedback.
5. Spread the word: reference the project from your blog and articles, link to it from your website, or simply star it.
6. Give us feedback on how we can do better, in general.

## Code of Conduct
We abide by the principles of openness, respect, and consideration of others of the Python Software Foundation: https://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/.

## Reference
These guidelines have been adapted from the Contributing guidelines of [scikit-learn](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

Commit message:

DOC: update contributing guideline about research

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

You can contribute to SensAI in many ways:

1. Contribute code by adding features or fixing bugs: First, set up the code locally on your system following the instructions in `README.md`. Then, check out our [public roadmap](https://hyperverge.notion.site/fa1dd0cef7194fa9bf95c28820dca57f?v=ec52c6a716e94df180dcc8ced3d87610). You can pick up tasks from the `Not Started` or `Backlog` sections (which includes both feature requests and bugs reported) and make a Pull Request. You can join our [WhatsApp community](https://chat.whatsapp.com/LmiulDbWpcXIgqNK6fZyxe) of builders in AI + Education and ask any questions that you might have or engage in the discussions, helping other fellow contributors and sharing your ideas/thoughts. On the roadmap, there are specific features/tasks that have been tagged as ⁠`Research`. These are tasks which might need a lot more experimentation before they can be ready for prime time. For those of you interested to work on research problems, you can pick up any research problem that excites you. You can also contribute your own ideas for interesting research problems we could potentially work on!
2. Add/improve documentation: This is no less important than improving the library itself. If you find a typo in the documentation, or if you feel that the readability of the code/documentation can be improved, do not hesitate to submit a pull request.
3. Report issues you are facing [either by [creating an issue](https://gitlab.com/hvacademy/sensai-ai/-/issues) or sharing it in our WhatsApp community], and give a "thumbs up" on issues reported by others that are relevant to you. 
4. If you are a teacher or a non-profit, you can test SensAI with your learners and provide valuable feedback.
5. Spread the word: reference the project from your blog and articles, link to it from your website, or simply star it.
6. Give us feedback on how we can do better, in general.

## Code of Conduct
We abide by the principles of openness, respect, and consideration of others of the Python Software Foundation: https://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/.

## Reference
These guidelines have been adapted from the Contributing guidelines of [scikit-learn](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)!
